OVERVIEW 

There are 3 types of user for this application: teachers, students, and administrators. 
Each can access a different sub or superset of the available features. Administrators have permission 
to view and edit all data. Preceptors and students can only view their own information.

Preceptors log in to a private page and, using a calendar-like interface, input the tracks 
for which they're available to take a clerkship student. 

Preceptors have profiles in which they're required to enter their contact information and 
specialty interests. Students interested in a particular specialty can then be matched 
to preceptors who share their specialty interests.  

Students log in to their own private page, where they also have profiles which they're 
required to fill out with their travel method preferences, specialty interests, and contact information.

Administrators log in to their own page, from which they can see both student and preceptor data. 
Administrators assign the students to tracks and monitor the submission of student and preceptor data. 
Once all required data has been submitted, the administrator clicks a button to begin the scheduling 
process. 

The scheduler is atomic, which means it either generates a successful assignment or nothing. Preceptor 
and student data is immutable mid-scheduling; it's up to the administrator to keep abreast of changes in 
student or preceptor data. In the event that something does change, the administrator has to re-run the 
scheduler to generate new assignments, either for the full group, or for some subset of it. 

The results of a run of the scheduler are visualized on a Google-Maps-like interface in the browser. 
The administrator can edit the assignments manually at this stage: for example, suppose the scheduler 
puts student Alice with preceptor Bob, but the administrator is privy to domain knowledge which says Alice has to go 
with Jim. The administrator can force assign Alice -> Jim. The scheduler will then rerun on the new subset 
of students / {Alice} and preceptors / {Jim}, and then the results will be again displayed in the browser 
for further manual editing. 

Once the administrator is satisfied with a particular assignment of say student X to preceptor Y, they can 
mark that assignment provisionally "COMPLETE". This removes that student and preceptor from future runs of 
the scheduler. This doesn't publish or officially finalize the assignment. The administrator has to manually 
click a button to publish the assignment to the student and preceptor. 

Once the administrator is satisifed with all of the assignments, they can click a "Publish" button which broadcasts 
to each student their assignment information and to each preceptor the students they've been assigned. 
(Results can be published to all students, or a subset of them, even possibly a singleton subset.)
Students get an email notification telling them they've been assigned a clerkship preceptor, and then they 
log into the portal and see who they got. Preceptors similarly get an email and log in, at which point they can see 
all the students they've been assigned for the academic year. There will eventually be an option for the preceptors 
to export these student assignments to their calendars (similarly for the students). 
